README.md, before:

# Web-Compiler
## Project Description
An implementation of a web compiler used to compile code directly without the need to use an IDE or terminal. Allows for compiling code for different languages without requiring users to have the corresponding compilers installed. Utilizes docker containers to retrieve the corresponding docker image for each language compiler.

Languages supported: Java, C/C++, Python

## Requirments
- Docker
    - This project is intended to be ran using a Linux distribution and not Windows
     - Will not run properly due to Windows using named pipes instead of sockets

## Setup
Use ```docker compose up --build``` to build the latest version of the image.

Use ```docker compose up -d``` if image is already built

### Potential Errors and Debugging
To start debugging, start the container with ```docker compose -f compose.debug.yaml up --build```.

Then open a new terminal tab. And open up a shell inside the container with ```docker exec -it <containerID> /bin/bash```
- Replace containerID with the containerID of the the debug container

#### Permission denied
```
server-1  | Initializing Docker client...
server-1  | Error initializing Docker client: Error while fetching server API version: ('Connection aborted.', PermissionError(13, 'Permission denied'))
```

In the shell, run ```ls -l /var/run/docker.sock```

Then run ```getent group docker```

If ls -l doesnt say docker for the group, and instead it outputs a GID. Then the GID of docker is not set properly, it should match the GID given in the ls -l command. If the getent command outputs a different GID for group docker,
then go to the [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) and set ```ARG GID``` to the GID that owns docker.sock
- The GID of the docker group can differ depending on your system

Example - GID given
```
appuser@fa3afecff2d8:/app$ ls -l /var/run/docker.sock
srw-rw---- 1 root 1000 0 Nov 13 04:01 /var/run/docker.sock
appuser@fa3afecff2d8:/app$ getent group docker
docker:x:999:appuser
```

Example - group docker
```
appuser@f05402a20850:/app$ ls -l /var/run/docker.sock
srw-rw---- 1 root docker 0 Nov 13 04:01 /var/run/docker.sock
```

## Using the project
Go to ```http://127.0.0.1:8080``` in your web browser as the project will be locally hosted on your system.

Commit message:

remove containers after code execution

README.md, after:

# Web-Compiler
## Project Description
An implementation of a web compiler used to compile code directly without the need to use an IDE or terminal. Allows for compiling code for different languages without requiring users to have the corresponding compilers installed. Utilizes docker containers to retrieve the corresponding docker image for each language compiler.

Languages supported: Java, C/C++, Python

Code may appear to be taking a long time to compile due to the program creating and removing docker containers for each execution.
## Requirments
- Docker
    - This project is intended to be ran using a Linux distribution and not Windows
     - Will not run properly due to Windows using named pipes instead of sockets

## Setup
Use ```docker compose up --build``` to build the latest version of the image.

Use ```docker compose up -d``` if image is already built

### Potential Error(s) and Debugging
To start debugging, start the container with ```docker compose -f compose.debug.yaml up --build```.

Then open a new terminal tab. And open up a shell inside the container with ```docker exec -it <containerID> /bin/bash```
- Replace containerID with the containerID of the the debug container

#### Permission denied
```
server-1  | Initializing Docker client...
server-1  | Error initializing Docker client: Error while fetching server API version: ('Connection aborted.', PermissionError(13, 'Permission denied'))
```

In the shell, run ```ls -l /var/run/docker.sock```

Then run ```getent group docker```

If ls -l doesnt say docker for the group, and instead it outputs a GID. Then the GID of docker is not set properly, it should match the GID given in the ls -l command. If the getent command outputs a different GID for group docker,
then go to the [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) and set ```ARG GID``` to the GID that owns docker.sock
- The GID of the docker group can differ depending on your system

Example - GID given
```
appuser@fa3afecff2d8:/app$ ls -l /var/run/docker.sock
srw-rw---- 1 root 1000 0 Nov 13 04:01 /var/run/docker.sock
appuser@fa3afecff2d8:/app$ getent group docker
docker:x:999:appuser
```

Example - group docker
```
appuser@f05402a20850:/app$ ls -l /var/run/docker.sock
srw-rw---- 1 root docker 0 Nov 13 04:01 /var/run/docker.sock
```

## Using the project
Go to ```http://127.0.0.1:8080``` in your web browser as the project will be locally hosted on your system.
